`cargo install rerun-cli` (#2183)
rerun-io/rerun: BUILD.md

* Run `./scripts/setup_dev.sh`.
* Make sure `cargo --version` prints `1.69.0` once you are done

> You should now be able run our Rust examples, e.g. with `cargo run -p dna`.

Reviewer: that sounds like a pr description not like a "how do I build things"

```suggestion
All Rust examples are separate executable projections. Meaning to run them you specify the package, e.g. `cargo run -p dna`.
```
